: Oh, no! This is work. I should call in. Can you excuse me?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh yeah, sure. No problem.
Sarah: What are you doing? I thought you don't share food.
Joey Tribbiani: Sure I do. Coule?
Sarah: No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street.
Joey Tribbiani: Really?
Sarah: Really! Now this all better be here when I come back.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, of course. I can control myself.
Joey Tribbiani: Stop staring at me!
Joey Tribbiani: Why, just a tiny little...
Joey Tribbiani: Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm not even sorry.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Erica: Hi!
Adoption Agency Guy: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Agency Guy: So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it.
Monica Geller: I-Is... Is that a picture?
Erica: Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it.
Monica Geller: Look, doctor! Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk... We're not who you think we are.
Agency Guy: I don't understand.
Chandler Bing: The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor.
Erica: What?
Agency Guy: That's impossible.
Chandler Bing: I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like.
Agency Guy: I'll go check your file. Excuse me.
Erica: So who are you?
Chandler Bing: Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York.
Monica Geller: Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby.
Erica: So you lied to me before?
Monica Geller: Well, we... "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend.
Erica: I can't believe this.
Monica Geller: But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider...
Erica: Giving you my baby? You think I'd give you my child after this?
Monica Geller: Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file...
Erica: I don't want to look at your file! This is over.
Chandler Bing: Erica wait!
Erica: I've nothing to say to you.
Chandler Bing: You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again.
Erica: Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it?
Chandler Bing: Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising.
Erica: Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong.
Chandler Bing: But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please?
Chandler Bing: You still want that baby?
Monica Geller: God bless you Chandler Bing!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross Geller: Turns out this sweater is made for a woman.
Joey Tribbiani: So, why are you still wearing it?
Ross Geller: Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date?
Joey Tribbiani: Ooh... Not so good.
Ross Geller: Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse.
Joey Tribbiani: JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD! end.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: Mmh... this cake is amazing!
Rachel Green: My God, get a room!
Monica Geller: I would get a room with this cake. I think I could show this cake a good time!
Phoebe GENERATED: 
 Buffay: Oh, you guys, it out it can't want to do you're also know. Next. You!!
Phoebe Buffay: 
Monica Geller: Well, number me. What all right.
Ross Geller: