 out, that has pork in it.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! I though the pot stickers were supposed to be vegetarian!
Monica Geller: Yeah, I changed them. I-I sent you a fax about it!
Phoebe Buffay: I don't have a fax machine.
Monica Geller: Ah, well then there are gonna be a few surprises!
Ross Geller: I can't believe we're gonna be the only people that aren't in this wedding.
Chandler Bing: I know, I hate being left out of things.
Ross Geller: And it's a wedding! It'd be weird if I'm not in it...
Mike Hannigan: Hey guys, how is it going?
Chandler Bing: Fine. We're just sitting here. Alone. Doing nothing. It's our rehearsal for tomorrow.
Mike Hannigan: Yeah look, about tomorrow, I... I've got a question for ya. I just found out that one of my groomsmen had had an emergency and can't make it.
Chandler Bing: What happened?
Ross Geller: Who cares, AND?
Mike Hannigan: ...and I was wondering if... you know, maybe one of you guys...
Ross Geller: I'll do it!
Chandler Bing: M-Me-me-me!
Mike Hannigan: You both wanna do it? Uhm... there's only room for one.
Chandler Bing: Pick me, I look great in a tux and I will not steal focus.
Ross Geller: No, Mike, no, no. You wanna pick me, I mean... watch! Huh?
Mike Hannigan: You know, I really don't feel very comfortable making this decision. You know, Phoebe knows you better, I'm gonna let her choose.
Ross Geller: Well, if Phoebe's choosing, then say hello to Mike's next groomsman.
Chandler Bing: Oh, I will. But I will need a mirror... as he is me!
Ross Geller: Please, you're going down!
Chandler Bing: You are going downer!
Ross Geller: Is that what they say on the Figure Skating Team?
Chandler Bing: I wouldn't know, I didn't make it!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Joey Tribbiani: So, you know I'm filling in for Phoebe's step dad, tomorrow, right?
Mike Hannigan: Yeah, yeah. Hey, thanks for doing that.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, hey, my pleasure. So what are your intentions with my Phoebe?
Mike Hannigan: I intend to marry her.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, a wiseacre. . No, no, no, I understand you plan to support your wife by playing the piano? Isn't that kind of unstable?
Mike Hannigan: No more so than acting.
Joey Tribbiani: Strike two!
Mike Hannigan: You're right. She probably will support me. Hey, unless we move in with you, dad?
Joey Tribbiani: Strike three! You only get one more, Mike!
Ross Geller: So, what did you decide?
Phoebe Buffay: I decided to pee.
Chandler Bing: Mike didn't tell you? You have to chose one of us to be in your wedding. One of his groomsmen fell out.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no, no. I can't choose between you two! I love you both so much!
Chandler Bing: Just not enough to put us in the original wedding party.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I don't wanna choose! It's . Oh okay, wait. Rach! Listen I have a very special bridesmaid task for you today.
Rachel Green: Goody, what is it!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, there's a spot open for only one groomsman and you have to choose between Ross and Chandler. So good luck with that.
Rachel Green: What, what, what, no, I don't wanna do that.
Phoebe Buffay: All right, I guess I'll have to find a new bridesmaid.
Ross Geller: I'll do it!
Monica Geller: Ok, it's 2100 hours. Time for your toast.
Mike Hannigan: Do I have a minute to go to the bathroom?
Monica Geller: You had a bathroom break at 2030. Pee on your own time, Mike! . Now, in regard to the toast, okay, you wanna keep them short, nothing kills a rehearsal dinner like long speeches. Okay. You just get in, do your thing and get out!
Mike Hannigan: Is that what you say to Chandler?
Monica Geller: It's 2101 and I am not amused. . Ok, the bride and groom have a few words they'd like to say.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok. Hello everyone GENERATED: 
ita slowing or what about you guys wanna do, for mom massage planned. Phoebe, we can have come be involved with Denisecssh, you!
Monica Geller: Well, okay. So what's Phoebe, Phoe