 Tribbiani: My friend Rachel has a kid. I totally know nursery rhymes!
Donny Osmond: Joey describe these things associated with the United States congress. Give me 20 seconds on the clock please. Ready? Go!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, .. uh... uh... pass. Pass. Pass. Okay, the little thing that hangs down at the back of your throat.
Henrietta: Uvula!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, then pass.
Donny Osmond: O-kay... Henrietta, you didn't get all the points you needed, so that means Gene, you are going to the winners circle to try for ten thousand dollars! And you're gonna be going there with Joey Tribbiani.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross Geller: You made out with Missy Goldberg. How could you do that, after you promised me?
Chandler Bing: Excuse me. . That didn't make us sound gay at all!
Ross Geller: You broke the pact!
Chandler Bing: Ross, that was 16 years ago!
Ross Geller: That doesn't matter! We're talking about the foundation of our friendship.
Chandler Bing: I believe the foundation of our friendship was unfortunate hair. All right, look, if we're really gonna do this... it's not like you never broke one of the pacts.
Ross Geller: I didn't.
Chandler Bing: Oh really?
Ross Geller: No.
Chandler Bing: Oh really!?
Ross Geller: NO!
Chandler Bing: ADRIENNE TURNER!!
Adrienne: Yes?
Chandler Bing: Hey! Hey Adrienne.
Ross Geller: I never did anything with Adrienne Turner.
Chandler Bing: Oh please, and you knew how much I liked her.
Ross Geller: I don't know what... you're talking about.
Chandler Bing: Really?
Chandler Bing: Remember that big party? Freshman year? A week before Christmas vacation? I do. You had some visitors.
Monica Geller: I can't believe we are at a real college party! I have to pee so bad!
Rachel Green: This is so awesome! College guys are so cute!
Monica Geller: Hey, you've got a boyfriend!
Rachel Green: I know. But if some guy who looks like Corey Haim wants to kiss me tonight, I'm sooo gonna let them!
Monica Geller: Look, there's Chandler. You knew, that stupid friend of Ross'. Said I'm fat. You know I've already lost 4 pounds!
Rachel Green: It... You can so totally tell.
Monica Geller: I KNOW!
Rachel Green: Well lets see. Maybe he knows where Ross is. Hey, how's it going .
Chandler Bing: Aren't you...?
Rachel Green: Yeah, Rachel. And this is Ross' sister, Monica. We met at Thanksgiving. .
Chandler Bing: Right. So how're you doing?
Rachel Green: Bitchin'
Chandler Bing: Hi Monica.
Monica Geller: Hi Chandler. It's really nice to see you NOT.
Chandler Bing: O-kay. I'll see if I can find Ross.
Monica Geller: Oh my God Rach. Bean bag chairs.
Rachel Green: Oh.
Monica Geller: Do NOT let me sit in one of those. We'll be here for days.
Ross Geller: Listen Adrienne, you can't tell Chandler about this.
Adrienne: Oh believe me, Ross, I won't be telling anybody about this.
Ross Geller: Cool!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross Geller: I didn't know you knew about that.
Chandler Bing: Well, I did and it hurt. That's when I wrote the song: "Betrayal In The Common Room".
Ross Geller: Man... I... I'm sorry.
Chandler Bing: Look it was a lo-o-ong time ago.
Ross Geller: So, eh. I made out with Adrienne and you made out with Missy. Well I guess we're even.
Chandler Bing: Hmm mmmhm..
Ross Geller: We are even, right?
Chandler Bing: Just one more thing. I was so pissed at you that night that I wanted to get back at you. So I thought, who does Ross like the more than anybody?
Ross Geller: What did you do to my mom?
Chandler Bing: Not her!
Rachel Green: I am sooo drunk.
Monica Geller: That's weird. I've had the same number of beers as you and I don't feel anything at all.
Chandler Bing: Soo... you girls having fun?
Monica Geller: For your information, ass munch, I've lost four pounds. Maybe even five with all the dancing.
Pizza Guy: SOMEBODY ORDER A PIZZA?
Monica Geller: GENERATED: 
 Yes.
Colleen: So I'm y'know, I didn't think so soon, it's odd. I hope those big feelings of the best stuff just thought I might know...
Monica Geller: Just try.
Monica Geller