 away from you guys, but this is such an incredible opportunity for me. And I've already talked to them about our situation with Emma, and they said they'll do whatever we need to make us feel comfortable.
Ross Geller: Okay.
Rachel Green: I mean, I'll fly back and forth, they'll fly you out... Anything we want.
Chandler Bing: My boss said I might be getting a new lamp in my cubicle.
Ross Geller: All right, we'll work it out.
Rachel Green: Thank you! Thank you!
Ross Geller: Yeah, yeah! You sure this is what you want?
Rachel Green: I think it is.
Phoebe Buffay: Ooh, what's going on?
Rachel Green: I got a really incredible job offer.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, great! All right!
Phoebe Buffay: Good for you!
Rachel Green: It's in Paris.
Joey Tribbiani: What? No, no, no! No, no... no... no, no... No, too much is changing, okay? First, Phoebe getting married Congratulations! ... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid suburbs...
Monica Geller: Hey, this afternoon you said you'd be supportive...
Joey Tribbiani: Well, it comes and goes. I wouldn't trust it.
Rachel Green: Look, you guys... this is really, really important to me. And it means a lot if you could try to get on board.
Phoebe Buffay: Of course we can. Congratulations. Yay! Joey...
Joey Tribbiani: No, no, no. My hugs are reserved for people STAYING IN AMERICA.
Rachel Green: Joey, it would mean so...
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! No! Get your France-going-arms away from me.
Rachel Green: Joey...
Phoebe Buffay: You okay with this?
Chandler Bing: Well, it makes me feel sad, but...
Phoebe Buffay: Talking to Ross.
Chandler Bing: I see.
Ross Geller: Well, Rachel moving to another country? Not being able to see her every day. How can I be okay with this?
Monica Geller: I know, but what are we gonna do? She really needs this job.
Ross Geller: Do you think if the Ralph Lauren people offered her her old job back, she would take it?
Monica Geller: How is that gonna happen?
Chandler Bing: Is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes?
Ross Geller: I don't know. I could talk to her boss. Yeah! I met him at that Christmas party. We really hit it off.
Monica Geller: You mean the guy who kept calling you Ron?
Ross Geller: I didn't say we were brothers.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: Hey Phoebe. Hey, tell me what you think. All right. The house next door to the one that we're buying in Westchester? Just went on the market. I wanna take a look at it, but Chandler doesn't.
Chandler Bing: We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright.
Monica Geller: But what if it is better than ours? Should we at least look?
Chandler Bing: What do you think Pheebs?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I think that shirt makes you look like you should work at a Baskin Robbins... Anyway... Hey, isn't Joey's agent Estelle Leonard?
Chandler Bing: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: She died.
Chandler Bing: You're kidding!
Monica Geller: That's terrible!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, last Saturday. Wow! She was the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic. Oh, wait a minute, I read the wrong one.
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, she was just an agent.
Monica Geller: Joey's gonna be *so* upset.
Chandler Bing: I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the Atlantic.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, we cannot tell Joey about this. He's already flipping out about everything that's changing. This will push him over the edge.
Monica Geller: Seriously, you don't think we should tell him?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, not for a little while. Let's just give him a few days to get used to everything else.
Monica Geller: What if he reads it in the paper?
Chandler Bing: Unless Snoopy says it to Charlie Brown, I think we're okay.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Mr. Zelner: May I help you?
Ross Geller: Yeah, I'm GENERATED: 
 going over here, as it to hold you for your pro.
Mr. Point is duh, huh.... I'm really not seeing you?
Ross Geller: Or what are you talking about what is doing?
Mrs. frankly a great now.
