.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh wait, oh I forgot... and uhm... I love you... and you have nice eyes.
Mike Hannigan: I love you too.
Ross Geller: Uh Joey...
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah?
Ross Geller: Chappy's heart rate has slowed way down.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, okay. Phoebe, do you take this man to be your husband?
Phoebe Buffay: I do.
Joey Tribbiani: Mike, do you take this woman to be your wife?
Mike Hannigan: I do.
Joey Tribbiani: I now pronounce you... husband and wife.
Phoebe Buffay: I got married! Could someone get me a coat, I'm freaking freezing.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Chandler Bing: That really was an incredible wedding.
Joey Tribbiani: It was, yeah. I kind of don't want it to end. Hey, you wanna come in for a drink and a bite of corsage?
Chandler Bing: I'd love to, but it's 2300 hours and I'm about to have the most organized sex anyone's ever had.
Joey Tribbiani: Nice. Oh hey, what about Ross?
Chandler Bing: I don't know. Maybe he hooked up with that hot girl he was talking to.
Ross Geller: Come on Chappy, do your business. MAKE! MA-AKE! I did not sign on for this.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Phoebe Buffay: Hi.
#ALL#: Hey! Hi!
Rachel Green: How was the honeymoon? Phoebe; Oh, incredible! Oh! Champagne, candle-lit dinners, moonlight walks on the beach, it was sooo ro-man-tic!
Rachel Green: Oh!
Chandler Bing: So, where's Mike?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, he's at the doctor, he didn't poop the whole time we were there!
Joey Tribbiani: Well anyway, I'm glad you're back, I really need your help.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, why? What's up?
Joey Tribbiani: I have an audition for this play and for some of it I have to speak French. Which, according to my resume, I'm fluent in.
Ross Geller: Joey, you shouldn't lie on your resume.
Monica Geller: Yeah, you really shouldn't. By the way, how was that year-long dig in Cairo?
Ross Geller: It was ok...
Rachel Green: I did not know you spoke French.
Phoebe Buffay: Oui, bien sur je parle Francais! Qu'est-ce que tu penses alors?
Rachel Green: Oh... you're so sexy!
Joey Tribbiani: Well, so, will you help me? I really wanna be in this play.
Phoebe Buffay: Sure! Tout le plaisir est pour moi, mon ami.
Rachel Green: Seriously stop it, or I'm gonna jump on ya.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Monica Geller: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Why are you wearing my apron?
Monica Geller: I'm making cookies for Erica. And oh, by the way, we have to leave for the airport soon, her plane comes in about an hour.
Chandler Bing: Oh, hey, when she gets here, is it ok if I introduce you two as "my wife" and "the woman who's carrying my child"? No? Divorce?
Ross Geller: Hey.
Monica Geller: Hey.
Ross Geller: You guys know where Rachel is?
Monica Geller: No, we haven't seen her since this morning.
Ross Geller: So unbelievable. She was supposed to meet me half an hour ago with Emma.
Monica Geller: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Monica Geller: These are for Erica!
Ross Geller: What? She's gonna eat all those cookies?
Monica Geller: Well, I want he baby to come out all cute and fat!
Ross Geller: So, why is Erica coming to visit?
Monica Geller: Well, because we want to get to know her better and she's never been to New York so she wants to see all the tourists' spots... you know, Statue of Liberty, Empire State Building...
Chandler Bing: Oh, those places! There's always so many people, their being corralled like cattle, and... you know, there's always some idiot who goes "Mooooo"!
Monica Geller: Well, if it annoys you so much, then why do you do it?
Ross Geller: Oh, hi! Hi! Thanks for showing you up thirty minutes late!
Rachel Green: Ross...
Ross Geller: No, no, no, I'm sure you have a great excuse, wh-w GENERATED: 
oman.
Ross Geller: Looks like I am not like he's stupid faker!
M viewModel to be like a Olympics.
Rachel Green: Oh yeah? Have some fun, I didn't think you were sick.
Molly: Oh no, no