 She really needs this job.
Ross Geller: Do you think if the Ralph Lauren people offered her her old job back, she would take it?
Monica Geller: How is that gonna happen?
Chandler Bing: Is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes?
Ross Geller: I don't know. I could talk to her boss. Yeah! I met him at that Christmas party. We really hit it off.
Monica Geller: You mean the guy who kept calling you Ron?
Ross Geller: I didn't say we were brothers.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: Hey Phoebe. Hey, tell me what you think. All right. The house next door to the one that we're buying in Westchester? Just went on the market. I wanna take a look at it, but Chandler doesn't.
Chandler Bing: We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright.
Monica Geller: But what if it is better than ours? Should we at least look?
Chandler Bing: What do you think Pheebs?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I think that shirt makes you look like you should work at a Baskin Robbins... Anyway... Hey, isn't Joey's agent Estelle Leonard?
Chandler Bing: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: She died.
Chandler Bing: You're kidding!
Monica Geller: That's terrible!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, last Saturday. Wow! She was the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic. Oh, wait a minute, I read the wrong one.
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, she was just an agent.
Monica Geller: Joey's gonna be *so* upset.
Chandler Bing: I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the Atlantic.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, we cannot tell Joey about this. He's already flipping out about everything that's changing. This will push him over the edge.
Monica Geller: Seriously, you don't think we should tell him?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, not for a little while. Let's just give him a few days to get used to everything else.
Monica Geller: What if he reads it in the paper?
Chandler Bing: Unless Snoopy says it to Charlie Brown, I think we're okay.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Mr. Zelner: May I help you?
Ross Geller: Yeah, I'm a friend of Rachel Green's. Uhm, actually we met at the Christmas party about two years ago.
Mr. Zelner: Oh right, uhm, Don?
Ross Geller: Close. Ron.
Mr. Zelner: Uh... What can I do for you?
Ross Geller: Uhm, well... I'm here to see if you'll give Rachel her job back.
Mr. Zelner: Ah, did she ask you to come here and do this?
Ross Geller: Oh, no. At first I have to get you to agree. Then we'll see if she wants to come back.
Mr. Zelner: Wow, that is tempting.
Ross Geller: Look, she loved her job here. And let's face it: you're not gonna find anyone who did it as well as she did it. Isn't that true?
Mr. Zelner: She is good!
Ross Geller: Huh, I took a shot there.
Mr. Zelner: But I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do... Ah, it's not true, there is... nothing I want to do.
Ross Geller: I see... Thanks very much. Is this your son?
Mr. Zelner: Yeah, his name is Ross. What?
Ross Geller: Oh, nothing, it's just, it's close to Ron. Does he.. Does little Ross like dinosaurs by any chance?
Mr. Zelner: Yeah, they're all he talks about, why?
Ross Geller: How would he like to come with me to the Museum of Natural History after everyone else has left, just the two of us, and he can touch anything he wants. . I just heard it as you must have heard it and that's not good. Let me start again. I'm a paleontologist, you'll be there with us and the touching refers only to bones... fossils!
Mr. Zelner: You can really arrange that?
Ross Geller: You let Rachel come back, and it's done.
Mr. Zelner: Well, I guess having Rachel back wouldn't be the worst thing in the world.
Ross Geller: Yeah! Yes! Thank you! This is great. Thank you so much. And I swear, your kid is going to have the GENERATED: 
 best time I cut...
Rachel Green: I have to stop roasted.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Health WAY!
Monica Geller:.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! 'Good-bye. Chandler, wow!