 I'm just like you! Only better looking and richer.
Donny Osmond: ...should be playing with the star of "General Hospital" Leslie Charleson. Welcome everybody. Good luck to all of you. Let's play Pyramid. All right? Now... we flipped a coin before the show, Gene, you won the toss, so you're gonna start. Which category would you like?
Gene: I'll take "You crossed the line".
Donny Osmond: You crossed the line. Joey, describe for Gene these things that have lines. Give me 20 seconds on the clock, please. Ready, go!
Joey Tribbiani: Uhm... ok. It's a store, like a supermarket. Oh! I see-I see what I did. Yeah, ok, ok, uhm... I'm writing in my...
Gene: Diary.
Joey Tribbiani: Noo, more like a notebook... Damn it! Oh, if I'm building an house, the plan isn't called the 'shmoo-print'... Can't say that either? Woha... hey... In high school, I once had sex with a girl right in the middle of the...
Gene: Cafeteria.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! But that is not what they're looking for. OOOH!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Phoebe Buffay: Thank you so much for this.
Rachel Green: Oh, d'you like it?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God, it's all so elegant! When's the dirty stuff starting?
Rachel Green: What?
Phoebe Buffay: You know, the strippers, and the guys dancing, and you know, pee-pee's flying about.
Rachel Green: Pheebs, I... there isn't gonna be any flying about! We actually thought we were a little too mature for stuff like that.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, ok. I see what you're doing, that's fine. This is all there is, just tea, uh, ok. Hmmmm... raunchy!
Rachel Green: Seriously Pheebs, it's not gonna be that kind of a party.
Phoebe Buffay: Really? So this is... this is my big send off in the married life? Rachel this is the only bachelorette party I'm ever gonna have! I've got a big wad of ones in my purse! Really? I mean, really? It's just tea?
Rachel Green: Nooo! Phoebe, of course there is more! I mean, I'll just go and talk to Monica and get an ETA on the pee-pee's!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Donny Osmond: Now Gene I must remind you, you need all six of these to stay in the game, all right? Describe for Joey things you find in your refrigerator.
Joey Tribbiani: Ahaha, he might as well just give us the points.
Donny Osmond: Give me twenty seconds on the clock. Ready? Go!
Gene: You put this in your coffee.
Joey Tribbiani: A spoon. Your hands. Your face!
Gene: It's white!
Joey Tribbiani: Paper, snow, a ghost!
Gene: It's heavier then milk!
Joey Tribbiani: A rock, a dog, the earth.
Gene: Pass!
Gene: You put this on a sandwich.
Joey Tribbiani: Salami, anchovies, jam!
Gene: It's white!
Joey Tribbiani: Paper, snow, a ghost!
Gene: It's made from eggs!
Joey Tribbiani: Chickens?
Gene: Pass!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh!
Gene: You put this on a hamburger!
Joey Tribbiani: Ketchup!
Gene: Yes!
Joey Tribbiani: Relish!
Gene: Stop!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh.
Donny Osmond: Oh, time's up! Joey! You were, uh, almost on a roll there...
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah...
Donny Osmond: Uh, Gene, you're gonna have a chance to go to the winner circle in the second half. But right now Henrietta you are going to the winner circle to try your luck for ten thousand dollars, right after this, don't go away.
Stage Manager: And we're out!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, so we didn't win, but it's fun to play the game, right?
Gene: Hey! I got a kid starting college. I've to get surgery on my knee, you just lost me ten grand!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, wow! I'm so sorry, ok? I promise, we'll do better next time!
Gene: Well, I will, because I won't be playing with you.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, you know, some of those are pretty hard! Like why would GENERATED: 
 you caterer to five-ish?
 Claire you're wasting my luck.
Monica Geller: What are you doing?
The with your BABbusiness.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: He's going to eat! Look! This is