 his books.
Chandler Bing: "The Firm"?
Monica Geller: Ok, let's see... uhm, okay, the turkey is in the oven, the stuffing is ready...
Chandler Bing: You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year.
Monica Geller: Oh, Chandler, that's sweet. But you don't have to do everything Doctor Phil tells you to do.
Chandler Bing: I'm serious, let me do something, just not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing "high profile".
Monica Geller: Ok, let's see... Oh, the cranberry sauce, it is easy to make and no-one really cares about it.
Chandler Bing: Tell me more.
Monica Geller: Okay, I'm gonna go check on something across the hall. You start by washing these Not with soap!!
Chandler Bing: You obviously haven't tasted my Palmolive potatoes!
Ross Geller: Hey! Hey, guess what Joey has!
Joey Tribbiani: Three tickets to today's Rangers game!!
Ross Geller: Dude, I wanted him to guess.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh.
Chandler Bing: Oh my God!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, they're great seats too!
Ross Geller: Guess where they are?
Joey Tribbiani: Center ice.
Ross Geller: Did I do something to you?
Chandler Bing: Hmm, the game's at one.
Ross Geller: So?
Chandler Bing: Dinner is at four, we'll never gonna make it back.
Joey Tribbiani: So we'll leave before it's over, we'll be back in time.
Chandler Bing: You say that now, but it could take us a long time to get back home. Plus Joey could get lost and and they could have to page us to go pick him up.
Joey Tribbiani: Dude, two times that happened!
Chandler Bing: Look, Monica has been working hard all day, she didn't wanna host this thing in the first place, we shouldn't go!
Ross Geller: He's right, man.
Joey Tribbiani: Right, I guess. Alright, so see you at four.
Chandler Bing: Okay. And get ready to taste my very special cranberries. Or should I say... chanberries!
Joey Tribbiani: That's some gentle comedy, dude.
Ross Geller: We're still going at the game, right?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah!
Ross Geller: Yeah.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Host: This is contestant number sixteen, Rebecca...
Phoebe Buffay: Hey.
Rachel Green: Oh Phoebe, listen. Well, I think we gotta go. This place is really freaking me out. I've been watching this guy over there, I don't think he came with a kid!
Phoebe Buffay: We can't leave now! There was this one baby, Haley, who was favourite to win and she got croup, so she had to stay home! This competition just blew wide open, folks!
Rachel Green: Phoebe, I think... It's just too weird, I just saw a one year old running around with pantyhose on!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, I know, we should have been more prepared. It's okay. Now, the way I see it, our real competition now is Cameron. Oh my God, they just took her sweater off. Look at those arms! Hello Michelin Man.
Rachel Green: Oh, Phoebe! Come on! You know what, it's already three o'clock and they haven't even gotten to Emma's group yet. We gotta go, we got dinner!
Phoebe Buffay: But Emma's got what it takes, she could go all the way!
Rachel Green: Phoebe, you have to calm down.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay. Rachel, the hottest babies in the Tri-State Area are in this room right now! I overheard one of the judges say that not one of them holds a candle to Emma!
Rachel Green: Really?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah!
Rachel Green: You heard them say that?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah!
Rachel Green: All right, okay. Alright, let's give to these babies something to cry about!
Phoebe Buffay: Good! Oh yay! Let's get down to business! Emma needs some makeup!
Rachel Green: No, what?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, she's gonna look all washed out next to the other contestants!
Rachel Green: No Phoebe, I am not letting you put makeup on my baby!
Phoebe Buffay: Why not!
Rachel Green: Because I already did!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, Bob, get off the guy!
Ross Geller: GENERATED: 
 Excuse me! Okay, I see the park here a character is going to do that before she's clowns. Why don't you know, maybe at first date tonight.
Joey Tribbiani: Wait a minute. There's a minute