 he couldn't be with a woman for 45 minutes!!
Phoebe Buffay: Why do you have a realtor?
Monica Geller: Uhm, she has been showing us houses outside of the city.
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Rachel Green: Are you serious?
Monica Geller: When we found out that we're gonna get this baby, Chandler and I started talking and we decided that we didn't want to raise a kid in the city.
Phoebe Buffay: So you're gonna move?
Ross Geller: Oh my God.
Joey Tribbiani: Shouldn't we all vote on stuff like this?!
Rachel Green: What is wrong with raising a kid in the city? I'm doing it, Ross is doing it, Sarah Jessica Parker is doing it!
Monica Geller: And that's great for you guys, but we want a lawn and a swingset...
Chandler Bing: ...and a street where our kids can ride their bikes and maybe an ice-cream truck can go by.
Ross Geller: So you wanna buy a house in the 50's?
Phoebe Buffay: Have you thought about what you would be giving up? You can't move out of the city, what if you want Chinese food at 5am? Or a fake Rolex that breaks as soon as it rains or an Asian hooker sent right to your door?
Ross Geller: You know what, if you wanna look for a house, that's okay.
Joey Tribbiani: No, no, it's not, don't listen to him! I'm gonna thump you!
Ross Geller: It's ok, because they have to get it out of their system, okay , but you're going to realize, this is the only place, you wanna be.
Chandler Bing: Actually, we already found a house we love.
Ross Geller: What?
Monica Geller: And about an hour ago, we made an offer.
Chandler Bing: Bet you wish I was having an affair now, huh? TIME LAPSE.
Ross Geller: You put an offer on a house?
Monica Geller: It's so sweet. It really is. It has this big yard that leads down to this stream and then there's these old maple trees...
Phoebe Buffay: Wha..? Again with the nature, what are you? Beavers?
Chandler Bing: I know this is really hard and we're really sorry.
Joey Tribbiani: Is this because I come over here without knocking and eat your food? Because I can stop doing that, I really, really think I can!
Chandler Bing: You know that's not the reason Joe.
Monica Geller: We think if you saw it, you'd understand. I mean you guys were there. It is beautiful, isn't it?
Rachel Green: Yeah it is.
Joey Tribbiani: What the hell are you doin'?
Rachel Green: Well, it is, all right? When we were out there today, all I kept thinking was: I can't believe Chandler is screwing this woman, but MAN this would be a nice place to live!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, but so is this.
Ross Geller: Yeah, I mean, if you moved there, you have to leave here. I mean, how can you leave this place?
Rachel Green: C'mon Daddy, listen to me! All of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I don't want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying that I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Ross Geller: You can see where he'd have trouble.
Rachel Green: Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
Monica Geller: Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...
Ross Geller: That money is mine, Green!
Rachel Green: You're fly is open, Geller!
Phoebe Buffay: You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
Chandler Bing: Hey, that's...'joincidence' with a 'C'!
Phoebe Buffay: Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles.
Rachel Green: Ow, that had to hurt!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey, it's your Thanksgiving too, y'know, instead of watching football, you could help.
The Guys: We will.
Monica Geller: Okay, Rachel, you wanna put the marshmallows in concent GENERATED: 
ric circles.
Monica Geller: Well speaking. How can you listen to this?
Chandler Bing: I just had to do something yet because of Calvin Kleinman's car Mulden?
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Chandler Bing: Yeah,