 mad at my agent.
Phoebe Buffay: Estelle? Why?
Joey Tribbiani: There's a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I didn't even be put up for it! She'd better have a good reason.
Phoebe Buffay: I'm guessing she does.
Joey Tribbiani: Well I'm wanna hear it, because she keeps doing this.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, no, no, wait, wait, wait. All right, I gotta go. Just listen. Promise me, that you will wait a minute before you call her.
Joey Tribbiani: Ok. Why?
Phoebe Buffay: Because a promise between friends means never having to give a reason.
Joey Tribbiani: I love that saying! .
Joey Tribbiani: Hello?
Phoebe Buffay: Joey, it's Estelle.
Joey Tribbiani: I was just gonna call you! That's weird.
Phoebe Buffay: It's a little coincidental, but believable. . Listen, I'm sure you're wondering why I didn't get you an audition for that TV movie.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, actually I am!
Phoebe Buffay: I guess I dropped the ball there. Whoopsie!
Joey Tribbiani: That's it? You know, it seems all you do lately is drop the ball.
Phoebe Buffay: Don't take that tone with me. Who you think you are? Alan Lemond, the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic?
Joey Tribbiani: No, no, look. All I'm saying is that you're my agent, ok? And you're not getting me into any auditions and I'm tired of it.
Phoebe Buffay: What are you saying?
Joey Tribbiani: I'm saying that... . This isn't working for me anymore, ok? Estelle, you're fired. Goodbye. .
Phoebe Buffay: Man, tough week for Estelle!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross Geller: Hi.
Rachel Green: Hi.
Ross Geller: Emma left her stuffed t-rex at my house. You know she can't sleep without it.
Rachel Green: Oh, well, she's asleep now. Stop forcing that thing on her.
Ross Geller: Ok.
Rachel Green: Oh, you're not gonna believe what happened to me today! Ralph Lauren called, and gave me my job back!
Ross Geller: Nooo!
Rachel Green: Yee. I mean, it was so weirdest thing. They fired me and then out of nowhere they just hire me back! I mean, that place must have been falling apart without me.
Ross Geller: So, you're not going to Paris.
Rachel Green: No, I'm still going.
Ross Geller: Wh... wh...what?
Rachel Green: When the Louis Vuitton people found out that Ralph Lauren wanted me back, the offered me more money! Isn't that great?
Ross Geller: Yeeeah!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: Hi. We're buying the house next door, and we were wondering if we could just take a look around.
Lady: Oh, sure. I'm showing it to someone else right now, but please, look around.
Monica Geller: Thanks.
Chandler Bing: It feels like we're cheating on our house. And if we're gonna cheat, shouldn't it be with like a hot, younger house, that does stuff that our house won't do?
Monica Geller: Ours is so much better! This living room is smaller, the dining room looks like a cave! What a hole!
Lady: So? What do you think?
Monica Geller: Love it!
Lady: Well, we already have one offer on it, and I think the lady upstairs is goning to make another one.
Monica Geller: They could be our neighbors, what are they like?
Lady: Oh, the woman upstairs is very nice. She and her husband have two kids, he's on Wall Street and she...
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh my God! .
Chandler Bing: Sure.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Phoebe Buffay: Hey Joey, want come with me to... are you ok?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, I just... I just feel bad about firing Estelle. This is got to be killing her.
Phoebe Buffay: No, that wouldn't kill her. Ordinary embolism might.
Joey Tribbiani: I don't know. She's got to be taking it hard, I was like her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I'm guessing he eats more money than he makes. Look, I know she's not a great agent, but she did stick with me for GENERATED: 
 a really sorry, do that about Carol's gonna teacher.
Chandler Bing: What makes so pathetic... if we're not. Marcel around.if home, yes, yoursicity!
Rachel Green: What are Maine think of you can... I get