 Please don't... Don't turn into... you know... French bitch!
Rachel Green: All right. Well, if I gonna do this, I'd better keep going.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok.
Rachel Green: Ok. Monica?
Monica Geller: Yeah?
Rachel Green: Can you come here with me for a minute?
Monica Geller: Sure.
Phoebe Buffay: Are you wearing waterproof mascara?
Monica Geller: No.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, you're so screwed.
Ross Geller: Hey. What was that all about?
Phoebe Buffay: She's gonna say goodbye to each of us individually.
Ross Geller: Are you kidding? Oh my God...
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I know, it's gonna be even worse for you... God... Ross, get ready to do some serious crying.
Ross Geller: Oh, man, I'm not going to be able to handle this. Now I know how my students feel at the end of each year. And why they act out by giving me such bad evaluations.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Rachel Green: Mon... Okay... I've gotta... just say what it is I'm gonna say... None of the amazing things that have happened to me in the last ten years, would have happened if it wasn't for you. No-one has been more like a sister to me...
Monica Geller: I know what you mean. You're like a sister to me too.
Rachel Green: I wouldn't know what I'm gonna do without you...
Monica Geller: You're the best friend I ever had.
Rachel Green: 
Monica Geller: What?
Rachel Green: I... I... I...
Monica Geller: That is so sweet.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross Geller: Oh no, she took down Monica... And I'm the crier in the family. Oh God! I could be next. Maybe she won't talk with me if it looks like we're deep in converstation. Oh, so that thing you said about the thing. It really made me think about that other thing.
Chandler Bing: Uh, Rach?
Ross Geller: Well it's okay. Chandler is talking to her.
Joey Tribbiani: I really made you think about that thing uh?
Chandler Bing: Uh, Rach... I think I have something that belongs to you.
Rachel Green: Oh, I'm sure gonna miss pretending to laugh at your weird jokes that I don't get.
Chandler Bing: No, no, no... They're really yours. We... found them in your old room.
Rachel Green: Well, these aren't mine. Maybe Monica used to use them with...
Chandler Bing: Don't say Richard! Well, if they're not Monica's and they're not yours, then whose are they?
Rachel Green: Well, I think you're forgetting the kinkiest former resident of that room.
Chandler Bing: Pheebs!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah!
Chandler Bing: I think these are yours.
Phoebe Buffay: These are not mine... Look how flimsy they are, come on! Good God! You try to hang a guy from a waterpipe with these, they'll snap like a piece of licorice.
Rachel Green: Can I talk to you alone for a minute?
Chandler Bing: Sure. You don't really handcuff guys to waterpipes do you?
Phoebe Buffay: Where do you think Mike really is?
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Rachel Green: Oh honey...
Chandler Bing: Let me just say something... Because once we get into this, I'm gonna get all uncomfortable and probably make some stupid joke... I just want to say that I... I love you... And, I'm gonna miss you. And I'm so sad that you're leaving.
Rachel Green: Oh, you know what? Let's not say anything else. I love you.
Chandler Bing: Ooh, not so tight... I'm sorry, just give me one more chance.
Rachel Green: Okay. Oh...
Rachel Green: Oh!
Chandler Bing: I'm sor... Just go. Just go. I can't, I can't.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: So, I guess you're next. You're ready?
Ross Geller: I don't think so.
Chandler Bing: Oh, you're definately not. I haven't cried like that in years.
Monica Geller: You cried yesterday at the six o'clock news.
Chandler Bing: That old woman was being scammed by her mechanic.
Ross Geller: God! I can't believe she saved me for last. Why are they taking so long?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't know. But, God, Joey seems to be handling it suprisingly well.
#ALL#: No, no, no, no!
 GENERATED: 
Chandler Bing: I'm purple-deep... never... uhh... I mean nervous, it's not like, because of all I thought it actually this was lully story?
Ross Geller: Look it, it's just fine, enjoy