't go away.
Stage Manager: And we're out!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, so we didn't win, but it's fun to play the game, right?
Gene: Hey! I got a kid starting college. I've to get surgery on my knee, you just lost me ten grand!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, wow! I'm so sorry, ok? I promise, we'll do better next time!
Gene: Well, I will, because I won't be playing with you.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, you know, some of those are pretty hard! Like why would there be a ghost in my fridge? . Yeah!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross Geller: So, Saturday night!
Missy Goldberg: I'd love to!
Ross Geller: Great!
Missy Goldberg: So how come it took you so long to ask me out?
Ross Geller: Oh, well, uh, this is gonna sound kinda silly, but, do you remember my roommate Chandler Bing?
Missy Goldberg: Sure, he was in your "band"?
Ross Geller: It's been sixteen years but the air quotes still hurt.
Missy Goldberg: Sorry.
Ross Geller: That's ok. Uh, anyway, well he and I both really liked you a lot, uhm, but we didn't want anything to jeopardize our friendship, so we kinda made a pact, that neither of us could ask you out!
Missy Goldberg: Really?
Ross Geller: Yeah, why?
Missy Goldberg: Well, Chandler and I used to make out! A lot!
Ross Geller: You did?
Missy Goldberg: Yeah. We'd go to the science lab after hours!
Ross Geller: AND ON MY TURF?
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: Hey, where is this guy, it's been over an hour!
Rachel Green: Well, he's coming from Jersey, he said he would get here as fast as he could!
Monica Geller: Who is it?
Man: It's the police!
Rachel Green: Uh! The police!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh!
Man: That's right, it's officer Goodbody.
Monica Geller: What's the matter, officer? Has someone been bad?
Roy: Whoo, that's a lot of stairs!
Roy: Ooh, boy. You should warn people there's no elevator! I should not have had that Mexican food for lunch.
Monica Geller: Are you gonna be ok, officer, uhm,...
Roy: Goodbody!
Monica Geller: ...If-you-say-so.
Roy: So where's the young lady who I'm supposed to take downtown!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, God!
Roy: All right, somebody show me where to plug in my box, and we'll get this party started! Whaaaa... Here? All right.
Phoebe Buffay: Rachel?
Rachel Green: Yeah?
Phoebe Buffay: Are you kidding?
Rachel Green: All right, look, we did not know that you wanted a stripper so we went to the phonebook and we got the first name we could find!
Phoebe Buffay: How old is your phonebook?
Monica Geller: Oh my God, this man is gonna get naked in my apartment!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh God no, I don't wanna see him take his clothes off!
Roy: Are you talking about me?
Monica Geller: Oh, no! I mean, obviously we want to see you take your clothes off! You big piece of eye candy!
Roy: Ok, ok, ladies! Can I have your attention, please? Did someone call for the long arm of the law? I should warn you, I have a concealed weapon! I hope you're familiar with the States penal code, ok, ok, enough teasing. Now for some pleasing!
Roy: Whoa, whoa, whoa . She cringed!
Phoebe Buffay: This is how I look when I'm turned on!
Roy: You were talking about me before! Look, I don't need this! I'm outta here! Where's my hat? Look, I've been in this business for a long time!
Phoebe Buffay: Shocking!
Roy: Now if you just pay me my three hundred dollars, I'll be on my way!
Phoebe Buffay: Three hundred dollars, are you kidding?
Rachel Green: No, that's ok, let's me just get my check book!
Phoebe Buffay: No, you're not gonna pay him, he didn't do anything!
Roy: Didn't do anything? I took a bus all the way from Hoboken. I climbed ... I dunno... like a billion stairs... It's not like I can take them two at a time!
Phoebe Buffay: I don't care. We're GENERATED: 
 a wench issues, ya know, I'm working. I mean, but it'll be like this. You don't feel too hard spot willweet now.
Phoebe Buffay: Alright.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross Geller: