 Okay, but if we don't get this house, she's stil gonna show up wherever we go! I mean, at least if she's here, it eliminates the element of suprise. I mean, never again will you have to hear the three words that make your balls jump back up inside your body.
Chandler Bing: Well, we have to do something. We can't have her living next door. Oh, that does it too.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Mr. Zelner: Who is it?
Ross Geller: It's me. Ron. Look, I um, I now Rachel turned you down but I think there is a way you might be able to get her to come back.
Mr. Zelner: This may surprise you, but re-hiring fired employees, is not my main job.
Ross Geller: Just hear me out. How would you feel about offering her a raise?
Mr. Zelner: Not good, Ron.
Ross Geller: Perhaps I can persuade you. What if you can give your son this genuine pterodactyl egg replica.
Mr. Zelner: Wow, that's pretty cool.
Ross Geller: Huh? So? We have a deal?
Mr. Zelner: Okay, you got it.
Ross Geller: Yes! yes!
Mr. Zelner: This is gonna make me very popular.
Ross Geller: Oh, Believe me, the ladies, they love it!
Mr. Zelner: I meant with my son.
Ross Geller: Good, 'cause the ladies, not so much.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Answering Machine: Joey, this is Al T. Booker, the guy who eats paper. I'm sure you've heard that Estelle passed away. I wanted to let you know there's a memorial for her at the Westside chapel, tomorrow at ten. Hope you can make it.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God. Hello?
Phoebe Buffay: Joey, it's Estelle.
Joey Tribbiani: Estelle?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, I wanted to call and tell you that there's no hard feelings for firing me.
Joey Tribbiani: Ok-ay. I just, I can't believe you're calling me?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I didn't think I should just drop by...
Joey Tribbiani: No, no, no! Don't drop by, don't drop by!
Phoebe Buffay: Anyway, you did what you had to do. I'm okay.
Joey Tribbiani: Can I ask you something? Uhm, what's it like there?
Phoebe Buffay: It's alright. Look kiddo, I gotta go. Good luck with the career. You're gonna be huge.
Joey Tribbiani: Thanks for everything Estelle. Bye. "out of area". Boy, I'll say.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Janice Litman Goralnik: Well... I just talked to Sid, we are definitely putting in an offer on the house... a-a-and I'll bet we get it.
Chandler Bing: The Hitlers will be so disappointed.
Janice Litman Goralnik: All right, I got to run. Tell Monica I say goodbye. And... I'll see you later, neighbor.
Chandler Bing: Wait! I just want you to know that... I'm so happy you're going to be here.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh, me too...
Chandler Bing: Because... that way... we can pick up where we left off.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Huh?
Chandler Bing: I never stopped loving you.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Oh... my...
Chandler Bing: Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you... I need you... I must have you Janice Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Chandler, what are you talking about?
Chandler Bing: Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and Monica never have to know a thing.
Janice Litman Goralnik: I don't know what to say... I mean, you know, obviously we have this... heat between us.
Chandler Bing: Obviously.
Janice Litman Goralnik: But I love my husband. And I know you love your wife. Now, I don't think we should get this house now.
Chandler Bing: Don't say that. Don't tangle the dream and take it away.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Chandler, one of us has got to be strong.
Chandler Bing: I understand.
Janice Litman Goralnik: Although, maybe just... one last moment of weakness... Goodbye Chandler Bing.
Chandler Bing: They're never coming down now.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Rachel Green GENERATED: 
: I have you Joe, remember when you played before?
Ross Geller: Why are you doing Kelly?
Chandler Bing: Does that so great about, I don't even even kiss my child inside or the support of Ross!
Ross, okay