 considered pageanting?
Monica Geller: I can't believe they called, and we're actually getting a baby.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I know how you feel...
Rachel Green: Really?
Joey Tribbiani: Sure. I went through the exact same thing with Alicia Mae Emory... The waiting, the wandering... Then one day... I get that call from Toys "R" Us... She was in stock!
Chandler Bing: That is the exact same thing.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Chandler Bing: Hi!
Ross Geller: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey!
Chandler Bing: We're just here to say goodbye, we're off to Ohio.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, right! Your adoption interview!
Monica Geller: Yep, we're gonna meet the lady who could be carrying our baby.
Joey Tribbiani: I can't believe it. When you guys come back, you're gonna have a baby! That is so weird!
Chandler Bing: And so incorrect!
Monica Geller: She's only a couple of months pregnant. She liked our application but who knows if she's gonna like us.
Ross Geller: Come on, she's gonna love you guys!
Chandler Bing: Uhm, thank you, but we're really trying not to get our hopes up.
Monica Geller: And a lot could still get in our way.
Chandler Bing: Yeah. I mean, this girl could decide against adoption or she could like another couple better..
Phoebe Buffay: What are you gonna name the baby?
Chandler Bing: I can develop a condition in which I talk and talk and no one hears a word.
Joey Tribbiani: But just think, ok? What if everything goes right? What if this woman does pick you guys?
Monica Geller: Oh my God. She's gonna pick us!
Chandler Bing: So we're standing firm on the 'not getting our hopes up'?
Monica Geller: You know, I know that things could still go wrong but if they don't? If this works out, we're gonna have a baby Chandler, a baby!
Chandler Bing: Yes, but...
Monica Geller: Oh my God, it's gonna WORK! We're gonna make it work! I'm gonna be a mummy and you're gonna be a daddy! All right, I'll see you suckers. I'm gonna get me... A BABY!
Chandler Bing: Oh, screw it, I'm gonna be a daddy!!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Rachel Green: Hey, who's Phoebe with?
Joey Tribbiani: I'm gonna say someone I'm gonna have sex with. Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: So... who's your friend?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, that's Sarah. No, no. Don't you get any ideas, ok? No, I'm not setting you up with any more of my friends!
Joey Tribbiani: OW, why, why, why?
Phoebe Buffay: Because you'll date her once, sleep with her and then forget she exists!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, name one friend of yours that I did that with.
Phoebe Buffay: Mandy.
Joey Tribbiani: Mandy, uh? Uh... really hot blonde, big boobs?
Phoebe Buffay: No.
Joey Tribbiani: I know why I don't remember her, huh?
Rachel Green: Do you think I'm someone else?
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach?
Rachel Green: Well, believe it or not, it's true. When Joey and I were together, he was wonderful. He was thoughtful and mature. And for the one week that we went out, he didn't sleep with anybody else!
Joey Tribbiani: Growth!
Phoebe Buffay: Fine, I'll give you her number.
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. Mandy.
Phoebe Buffay: SARAH!
Joey Tribbiani: Saraaah.
Ross Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hi!
Ross Geller: Hey you guys, I need some fashion advice.
Rachel Green: Oh!
Ross Geller: How does this look?
Rachel Green: Well, it's a little low... pick up a little... a little bit more... a little bit more... There you go! Now throw it away!
Ross Geller: C'mon! This looks good!
Rachel Green: Ross, please, trust me. I buy 30 fashion magazines a month. Now, I don't know who's running for president or who that... NATO guy is GENERATED: 
 this pie?
Ross Geller: A monthUMB, yes, professor Bowlock, and also when nobody eats the Sat on it for your problem with the answer her.
Rachel Green: It's aRichard Burke: Monica, Phoebe is a