 isle.
Chandler Bing: I'll do it.
Ross Geller: I'll...
Chandler Bing: Na ha ha... Ne he he... Ah ah...
Monica Geller: Okay, Mike and Joey, get in position. Chandler, come with me.
Monica Geller: Okay, Joey's doing the ceremony and Chandler's giving you away.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, okay. Hi new dad.
Monica Geller: So, you're ready to do this?
Phoebe Buffay: Uhuh, uhuh... Oh my God! This is really happening.
Rachel Green: Oh Phoebe, I'm so happy for you honey.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, thank you.
Monica Geller: I love you. Oh, wait, wait, wait! No hugs. The dresses... Oh what the hell.
Phoebe Buffay: I love you guys.
Monica Geller: I love you.
Monica Geller: Okay. It's zero hour. All teams execute on my count. Let's get this bad boy on the road.
Chandler Bing: Is it okay that I want you to wear that head set in bed tonight?
Monica Geller: I have you scheduled for nudity at 2300 hours.
Chandler Bing: Oh yeah!
Monica Geller: Okay Marjorie, hit it.
Rachel Green: Geez Ross, you could have showered.
Ross Geller: It's the dog.
Monica Geller: Groomsman, groomsman, why are you just standing there, where is your bridesmaid? We've got a broken arrow. Bridesmaid down! Oh, that's me.
Chandler Bing: Ready?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh wait, oh no. Wait.
Chandler Bing: Wow! Aren't you gonna be cold?
Phoebe Buffay: I don't care... I'll be my something blue.
Chandler Bing: You look beautiful.
Phoebe Buffay: Thank you.
Mike Hannigan: My God! Aren't you freezing?
Phoebe Buffay: Na-ah.
Joey Tribbiani: Friends, family, dog... Thank you all for being here to witness this blessed event. The cold has now spread to my special place... so I'm gonna do the short version of this. Phoebe and Mike are perfect for each other. And I know I speak for every one here... when I wish them a lifetime of happiness. Who has the rings?
Joey Tribbiani: Okay...
Phoebe Buffay: When I was growing up, I didn't have a normal mom and dad, or a regular family like everybody else, and I always knew that something was missing. But now I'm standing here today, knowing that I have everything I'm ever gonna need... You are my family.
Mike Hannigan: Phoebe you're so beautiful. You're so kind, you're so generous. You're so wonderfully weird. Every day with you is an adventure, and I can't believe how lucky I am, and I can't wait to share my life with you forever.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh wait, oh I forgot... and uhm... I love you... and you have nice eyes.
Mike Hannigan: I love you too.
Ross Geller: Uh Joey...
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah?
Ross Geller: Chappy's heart rate has slowed way down.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, okay. Phoebe, do you take this man to be your husband?
Phoebe Buffay: I do.
Joey Tribbiani: Mike, do you take this woman to be your wife?
Mike Hannigan: I do.
Joey Tribbiani: I now pronounce you... husband and wife.
Phoebe Buffay: I got married! Could someone get me a coat, I'm freaking freezing.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Chandler Bing: That really was an incredible wedding.
Joey Tribbiani: It was, yeah. I kind of don't want it to end. Hey, you wanna come in for a drink and a bite of corsage?
Chandler Bing: I'd love to, but it's 2300 hours and I'm about to have the most organized sex anyone's ever had.
Joey Tribbiani: Nice. Oh hey, what about Ross?
Chandler Bing: I don't know. Maybe he hooked up with that hot girl he was talking to.
Ross Geller: Come on Chappy, do your business. MAKE! MA-AKE! I did not sign on for this.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Phoebe Buffay: Hi.
#ALL#: Hey! Hi!
Rachel Green: How was the honeymoon? Phoebe; Oh, incredible! Oh! Champagne, candle-lit dinners, moonlight walks on the beach, GENERATED: 
 and apparently I like proposals!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, you guys. Really?
Rachel Green: Yeah, okay!! Oh-oh I can't wait to the baby. What?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, not that it