PROUTS.
Ross Geller: That's worse than no food.
Chandler Bing: HA-HA! All you got was Monica's stinky Brussels sprouts!
Monica Geller: Stinky?!
Chandler Bing: Please let me stay on this side of the door.
Rachel Green: Oh, I know... I still have my old key! We can just unlock the door.
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I don't know if that's such a good idea. They clearly don't want to be with us.
Rachel Green: You know what? I don't want to be with them either, but it's Thanksgiving and we should not want to be together, together.
Joey Tribbiani: Just get in there and make a face to face apology, you know? Look them in the eye. I know I can get them to forgive us.
Ross Geller: I don't know...
Joey Tribbiani: I'm telling ya... I can do it.
Ross Geller: Yeah, he can do it!
Rachel Green: Oh!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh! It all looks so beautiful: the turkey, the stuffing...
Chandler Bing: The cranberries...?
Monica Geller: Oh! Enough! A monkey could have made 'em!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey listen guys, we feel really terrible.
Chandler Bing: He's doing that weird eye contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him!
Joey Tribbiani: Come on you guys, we want you to know we're very very sorry. Right guys?
Ross Geller: I feel terrible.
Phoebe Buffay: So, so sorry.
Joey Tribbiani: Now let's not ruin this day. You worked so hard. Let's move past this and try to have a nice meal all together, huh?
Chandler Bing: The floating heads do make a good point.
Monica Geller: Yeah, they do seem to feel pretty bad.
Rachel Green: So bad.
Ross Geller: So bad.
Phoebe Buffay: So bad.
Monica Geller: Okay, okay. You two go get the dessert. And I'll let you in.
Rachel Green: Dessert?
Monica Geller: Yeah, I asked you and Phoebe to pick up the pies. You did remember, right?
Phoebe Buffay: Pies, oh, we thought you said priiiize . Here! .
Monica Geller: Grand Supreme Little Darling?
Rachel Green: Congratulatioooons!
Monica Geller: Oh my God! YOU FORGOT THE PIES? Well, I cannot believe this. You force me to make dinner, then you're an hour late and you forget the one little thing that I asked you to do.
Ross Geller: Really girls, not cool.
Chandler Bing: Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! I'm getting a little tired of this okay? We said we're sorry. It's Thanksgiving for Pete's sakes! A day of forgiveness!
Ross Geller: It's a day to be thankful.
Joey Tribbiani: Don't make me come up there!
Monica Geller: It's too late for apologies.
Joey Tribbiani: Fine! Let's just go. I don't need your stupid dinner.
Chandler Bing: That would be a lot more convincing if you weren't drooling.
Rachel Green: Ewww, is that what that is?
Joey Tribbiani: Sorry!
Phoebe Buffay: Come on you guys, let's just do our own Thanksgiving.
Rachel Green: Yeah! I'll cook!
Ross Geller: Yeah! Let's go out.
Rachel Green: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! You three have a nice Thanksgiving.
Monica Geller: The three of us?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah! You, Chan, and the vein!
Joey Tribbiani: Ha!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh-oh! I'm stuck!
Monica Geller: Joey, that is not gonna work.
Joey Tribbiani: No seriously... I'm really wedged in here.
Phoebe Buffay: I'll pull you through.
Ross Geller: Okay.
Joey Tribbiani: aaw-ahhh-aaahhh STOP! STOP! I'm worried about damaging my head.
Chandler Bing: A little late for that.
Joey Tribbiani: Alright, hurry up, you gotta do something.
Monica Geller: Alright, well, this does not change anything. Okay, we need to get something to grease the sides of his face.
Chandler Bing: Uhm, we've got turkey grease.
Monica Geller: Bring it GENERATED: 
 on the dog...
Joey Tribbiani: Okay?
Monica Geller: Know, but Monica is Joan?
Chandler Bing: Well, it's, it's not. Okay, maybe it's-it's just something that you can't