 a baby! A beautiful little baby! And some other stuff I'm gonna pretend I don't see.
Doctor: Would you like to cut the umbilical cord?
Chandler Bing: Well, that's spongy.
Monica Geller: Oh, hey handsome! Oh, I'm gonna love you so much that no woman is ever gonna be good enough for you! Oh, we are so lucky!
Chandler Bing: I know. He has your eyes.
Chandler Bing: I mean, I know that's not possible, but he does.
Nurse: We'll just get him cleaned up a bit.
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Monica Geller: Oh my God, he's beautiful. Thank you so much.
Erica: I'm really happy for you guys.
Chandler Bing: How do you feel?
Erica: I'm tired!
Doctor: Well, you don't have that much time to relax. The other one will be along in a minute.
Monica Geller: I... I'm sorry, who should be along in a what now?
Doctor: The next baby should be along in a minute.
Monica Geller: We only ordered one!
Doctor: You know it's twins, right?
Chandler Bing: Oh, yeah! These are the faces of two people in the know!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Doctor: I can't believe you didn't know it's twins! This has never happened before.
Chandler Bing: Well, gosh. That makes me feel so special and good.
Monica Geller: Wait, did you know it was twins?
Doctor: Yeah, it's here in the paperwork we got from the clinic in Ohio.
Monica Geller: Anybody tell you?
Erica: I don't think so. Although, they did mention something about two heartbeats. But I thought that was just mine and the baby's. They kept saying both heartbeats are really strong, and I thought well, that's good 'cause I'm having a baby.
Monica Geller: This is unbelievable.
Erica: Twins actually run in my family.
Chandler Bing: Interesting! Can I see you for a second?
Chandler Bing: What do we do?
Monica Geller: What do you mean "what do we do"?
Chandler Bing: Twins! Twins!!
Monica Geller: Chandler, you're panicking!
Chandler Bing: Uh-huh! Join me, won't you?! Okay, what do you say we keep one, and then just like have an option on the other one?
Monica Geller: We can't split them up!
Chandler Bing: Why not? We could give each of them half a medallion, and then years later, they'll find each other and be reunited. I mean, that's a great day for everybody.
Monica Geller: Okay, what if the person who adopts the other one is horrible?
Chandler Bing: What if they're not? What if it's adopted by a king?
Monica Geller: Yeah, because I hear the king is looking to adopt.
Chandler Bing: Monica, we are not ready to have two babies!
Monica Geller: That doesn't matter! We have waited so long for this. I don't care if it's two babies. I don't care if it's three babies! I don't care if the entire cast of "Eight is Enough" comes out of there! We are taking them home, because they are our children!
Chandler Bing: Okay. Shhh...
Chandler Bing: Okay.
Monica Geller: Okay!
Chandler Bing: Okay!
Doctor: It looks like we're about ready over here.
Doctor: Come on, Erica, start pushing again now.
Erica: Ow!
Doctor: Here she comes!
Chandler Bing: She? It's a girl?
Doctor: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Well, now we have one of each! And that's enough!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross Geller: And then she said it was the perfect way to say goodbye.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh my God! What did you say?
Ross Geller: Nothing! What do you say to that?
Phoebe Buffay: Ross, you've got to tell her how you feel!
Ross Geller: No way!
Joey Tribbiani: You can't just give up! Is that what a dinosaur would do?
Ross Geller: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Dude, I'm just trying to speak your language.
Phoebe Buffay: Ross, Rachel doesn't know that you wanna get back together. If she did, she might feel differently. She might not even go.
Ross Geller: You really think so?
Phoebe Buffay: I'm telling you! Oh, okay! This is the part of the musical where there'd be a really good convincing song. "Bam-bam, GENERATED: 
 is Richard?
Monica Geller: Look, plus. Sit here?
Ross Geller: Are you said it's your first breasts are you!
Monica Geller: Oh my hand! I know, holy time. I'll be an Cheap