 Bing: We're getting the house. We're getting the house.
Monica Geller: And a baby...
Chandler Bing: We're growing up.
Monica Geller: We sure are.
Chandler Bing: So who's gonna tell them?
Monica Geller: Not it!
Chandler Bing: Not it! Damn it!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: Rachel, this is yours.
Rachel Green: Aah! Why? What are these for?
Chandler Bing: You'll see.
Monica Geller: All right, everybody open them!
Rachel Green: Ooh! Oh wow this is so beautiful.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh! These are the ones I was looking at in the store.
Monica Geller: I know.
Ross Geller: I love this.
Joey Tribbiani: A meatball Sub? Thanks!
Ross Geller: Seriously you guys, what's going on? What are these for?
Chandler Bing: Well, I didn't know how to tell you before, but... We got the house.
Monica Geller: Enjoy!
Joey Tribbiani: What did they say?
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Joey Tribbiani: Hey guys!
Monica Geller: Hey, let me tell them!
Joey Tribbiani: Sure.
Monica Geller: Joey is gonna be a celebrity guest on a game show!
Phoebe Buffay: Great!
Ross Geller: Really? Which one?
Monica Geller: Ohh! Fish, seaweed, a sunken ship.
Ross Geller: Things you find in the ocean, You're gonna be on "Pyramid"!!
Monica Geller: Oh, that was our favourite game show ever!
Ross Geller: Except for "Match game"...
Monica Geller: Or "Win, Lose or Draw".
Chandler Bing: What did I marry into?
Joey Tribbiani: Would you guys want to come down tomorrow and watch me tape the show?
Monica Geller: Oh, I can't. We're throwing Phoebe a bachelorette party.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, sorry boys, this ride's closing.
Ross Geller: Oh, and Chandler and I have this stupid college alumni thing. I can't believe you get to meet Donny Osmond.
Joey Tribbiani: Seriously?
Ross Geller: Yeah-uh!
Monica Geller: Ross and I always wanted to be Donny and Marie.
Chandler Bing: You guys just keep getting cooler and cooler!
Monica Geller: Yeah, we used to perform for our family and friends.
Rachel Green: Oh God, that's right. I blocked that out.
Monica Geller: "I'm a little bit country"...
Ross Geller: "...and I'm a little bit rock 'n' roll"!
Chandler Bing: I'm leaving you.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross Geller: So weird to see all these people again... Oh my God, look, there's Geoffrey Cleric.
Chandler Bing: Who?
Ross Geller: He was roommates with John Rosoff. He went out with Andrea Tamburino. She dumped him for Michael Skloff.
Chandler Bing: Did I go to this school?
Ross Geller: Hey, there's Missy Goldberg. You gotta remember her.
Chandler Bing: Sure, nice.
Ross Geller: Dude. You're married to my sister.
Chandler Bing: You're right, by saying "nice" I'm virtually licking her.
Ross Geller: Hey, I hear she's single again, d'you think I should ask her out?
Chandler Bing: Are you asking permission to break the pact?
Ross Geller: Yes please.
Ross Geller: Hey. Hey, check out the flyers for the band. I made 'em on a Macintosh in the computer room!
Chandler Bing: Awesome, the name really stands out.
Ross Geller: Thanks to a little something called "Helvetica Bold 24 point"!
Chandler Bing: Man, we're gonna rock that Asian student union!
Missy Goldberg: Hey guys!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Ross Geller: Hey, Missy...
Chandler Bing: You know, our band is playing on Friday.
Ross Geller: Yeah, yeah. You should come check us out. We're called "Way! No Way!".
Missy Goldberg: No way!
Chandler Bing: Way!
Missy Goldberg: Right. I'll be there.
Chandler Bing: Fresh!
Ross Geller: Boss!
Chandler Bing: Mint!
Ross Geller: She's gone.
Chandler Bing: I know it. You know, I'm totally gonna ask her out.
Ross Geller: Dude, I was gonna ask her out.
Chandler Bing: I said it first, bro.
Ross Geller: Well, I thought it first, Holmes.
 GENERATED: 
Chandler Bing: No, you might go and she lost a second here?
Ross Geller: I'll support for someone? Hi, some grace anything. We complain the people were gonna blow the coffee, just-and to Chandler, I talked to