Chandler Bing: What did I marry into?
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: Oh, crap!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, hey Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, hey.
Phoebe Buffay: Listen, I need to ask you something. Ok, you know how my step dad's in prison.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. Well, uhm... listen he was supposed to get a weekend furlough, so he'd come to the wedding tomorrow, but he just called and... uhm... well, apparently stabbing Iceman in the exercise yard just couldn't wait till Monday.
Joey Tribbiani: So he can't come?
Phoebe Buffay: No, and so there's no one to walk me down the aisle and... well, I would just really love it if you would do it.
Joey Tribbiani: Seriously?
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah, you've... you know, sort of been like a dad to me. I mean, you've always, you know, looked out for me and shared your wisdom...
Joey Tribbiani: I am pretty wisdomous.
Phoebe Buffay: So... what do you say?
Joey Tribbiani: Are you kidding? Phoebe, I would be honored.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, thank you. I hope... I hope you know how much you mean to me.
Joey Tribbiani: Listen, I hope... that you know... I don't want you to see your father cry, GO TO YOUR ROOM!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Phoebe Buffay: Oh.
Joey Tribbiani: Oh no, no, no, let your dad get this.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, it's my wedding planner. She's driving me crazy! Hello... Hey, ok, stop screaming! Ok? So, halibut. All right, so salmon, either way. I don't-I don't... it doesn't matter to me!
Monica Geller: Well, it matters to me!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I don't care, so you pick!
Monica Geller: Did you just hung up on me? All right, look, I need you at the rehearsal dinner tonight at 1800 hours.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-uh. Ok. What time is that.
Monica Geller: You don't know military time?
Phoebe Buffay: Why, I must have been in missile training the day they taught that.
Monica Geller: Just subtract twelve.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, so... 1800 minus twelve is... one thousand, seven hundred and...
Monica Geller: Six o'clock!
Phoebe Buffay: Ok.
Monica Geller: Ok. Hold on. Geller here! No! I said it has to be there by 4 o'clock. Goodbye. Oh, how hard it is to make an ice sculpture?
Phoebe Buffay: Ice sculpture? That sounds really fancy! I told you I just want a simple wedding.
Monica Geller: Please... honey, leave the details to me. Now I wanna make this day as special for you as I can. Now, ok, I was thinking that the harpist should wear white.
Phoebe Buffay: What harpist? My friend Marjorie is playing the steel drums.
Monica Geller: Ooh... she backed out.
Phoebe Buffay: She did? Why?
Monica Geller: I made her. Steel drums don't really say "elegant wedding". Nor does Marjorie's overwhelming scent.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! She will shower when Tibet is free.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Chandler Bing: You look great. I'm so glad we're having this rehearsal dinner, you know, I so rarely get to practice my meals before I eat them.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, what did we say was your one gift to us?
Chandler Bing: No stupid jokes. I thought that was for the actual wedding.
Phoebe Buffay: Rehearse it!
Ross Geller: Hi!
Mike Hannigan: Thanks for coming you guys.
Ross Geller: Oh, hey, oh... I... I was-I was going for a hand shake.
Mike Hannigan: Is that why your hand is pressed against my crotch?
Ross Geller: That is why!
Mike Hannigan: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: So Rach.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: Where is Emma?
Rachel Green: Oh, Monica made me send her to my mother's. Apparently babies and weddings don't mix.
Monica G GENERATED: 
eller: I think somebody who puts in importantly gay! Oh, Monica!Janice Unbelievable!
Chandler Bing:hm... my best water(cr food thing, and Logan was incredible!
#ALL#: Y'know, no isn't worry