 Affair To Remember".
Chandler Bing: Those are all really old!
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, then maybe it'll be, uhm...
Rachel Green: "Dude, Where's My Car?"
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Rachel Green: They're in a caaar...
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, we-we'll talk to you later. Okay, bye.
Rachel Green: Geez!
Phoebe Buffay: Ok. Quick. We gotta find a cab and follow them.
Rachel Green: Oh, yeah, ok. Let me just grab my night vision goggles and my stun gun.
Phoebe Buffay: I got them!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Chandler Bing: Hi!
Monica Geller: Hey! You smell like perfume and cigarettes.
Chandler Bing: I was in the car with Nancy all day.
Monica Geller: Nancy doesn't smoke!
Chandler Bing: Well, at least the perfume is not mine, be thankful for that!
Monica Geller: So? What do you think of the house?
Chandler Bing: It's perfect. It's everything we've been looking for.
Monica Geller: Isn't it? Then what about the amazing wainscotting and the crown molding and the dormer windows in the attic?
Chandler Bing: And the wiggle wharms and the zip zorps? What were the things you said?
Monica Geller: Don't you love the huge yard?
Chandler Bing: And the fireplace in the bedroom.
Monica Geller: And Nancy said that it's really under price, because the guy lost his job and has to move in with his parents!
Chandler Bing: This is bringing out a lovely color in you!
Monica Geller: So? Do you think we should get it?
Chandler Bing: I don't know. What do you think?
Monica Geller: I think we should.
Chandler Bing: I do too.
Monica Geller: This is huge!
Chandler Bing: I know.
Monica Geller: How bad you wanna smoke, right now.
Chandler Bing: I don't know what you mean, giant talking cigarette! Oh, by the way, Phoebe called just as I was getting into Nancy's car, so if she asks you, I was at work all day.
Monica Geller: Gotcha. When do we tell them about this?
Chandler Bing: We don't. Not until it's a hundred percent. I mean, why upset everybody over nothing.
Monica Geller: Okay. Right. Oh my God that is gonna be so hard.
Chandler Bing: I know. Gooooood luck with it.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross Geller: I just can't see Chandler cheating!
Rachel Green: I'm telling you guys, we followed them out to a house in Westchester, the went in for like forty-five minutes and then they came out looking pretty happy!
Joey Tribbiani: Chandler? Forty-five minutes? Well, something is not right. I just can't believe he would do this to Monica!
Ross Geller: I know, and with the baby coming?
Phoebe Buffay: So, should we tell her?
Ross Geller: I don't know. Phoebe, if one of us saw Mike with another woman would you want us to tell you?
Phoebe Buffay: Why? Who'd you seen him with?
Ross Geller: No one, I'm just saying if...
Phoebe Buffay: TELL ME WHAT YOU KNOW!
Ross Geller: I know nothing! Mike's a great guy, it was hypothetical!
Phoebe Buffay: All right. . He is a good guy. You're right, he wouldn't cheat.
Ross Geller: Believe me, if I did see with someone, there's no way I...
Phoebe Buffay: WHO DID YOU SEE HIM WITH?
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Rachel Green: Oh, look at her, so happy!
Monica Geller: If only there were a smaller one to clean this one!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, is uhm... is Chandler here?
Monica Geller: No, he's picking up dinner, why, what's up?
Phoebe Buffay: Well, look, whatever happens, we're here for you and we love you.
Monica Geller: All right...
Ross Geller: We think Chandler might be having an affair.
Monica Geller: What?
Rachel Green: Phoebe and I saw Chandler with a blonde woman today outside on the street and then we followed them to a house in Westchester.
Phoebe Buffay: They went in together. So sorry.
Monica Geller: Oh my God! Oh my God that's awful! What did you think of the house?
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Monica GENERATED: 
! They gotta go to take it and let's maid of his really nice.
Ross Geller: That would it, did I be good colour and then y'know how you know what you know what to the paper with that's knock, and