 for all the wedding night advice. That didn't make me uncomfortable at all! Alright, so I'll see everybody tonight?
Phoebe Buffay: Okay.
Monica Geller: Bye.
Mike Hannigan: Uhm, did you guys know that there is a giant ice sculpture in the hall?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God, what's it doing here?
Monica Geller: Ugh, I guess it got sent to the billing address as opposed to the shipping address. Uh! What a pickle.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh my God, everything is such a mess. Why is this happening to me?
Joey Tribbiani: How bad do you want to stick your tongue on that?
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Chandler Bing: How's it going?
Ross Geller: Good. I'm just getting some coffee. So I'm alert for the wedding.
Chandler Bing: That's what I was doing too.
Ross Geller: Well, you have fun tonight.
Chandler Bing: You too.
Ross Geller: Oh, I will.
Chandler Bing: Me too.
Ross Geller: Wait a minute, I know why I'm being such an ass, why are you?
Chandler Bing: I'm not supposed to tell you.
Ross Geller: I'm not supposed to tell you!
Chandler Bing: You told us both we could be in the wedding?
Rachel Green: Well, in my defense, you were not supposed to tell each other.
Ross Geller: Rachel, only one of us can do it, you have to choose. You and me together again.
Chandler Bing: Rach, Rach, knock knock.
Rachel Green: Who's there?
Chandler Bing: I'll tell you at the wedding.
Rachel Green: Uh.
Mike Hannigan: Hey, I forgot my scarf.
Rachel Green: You know what, I can't do this. I don't know which one of you guys to pick.
Mike Hannigan: Oh, you haven't picked yet. Oh good, 'cause I had an idea. I thought it would be fun if the third groomsman was my family dog. Chappy.
Ross Geller: What? A dog? No! Rachel gets to choose.
Rachel Green: Wow, this is a tough one. I think I'm gonna have to go with the dog.
Phoebe Buffay: Alright, wait, so what you're saying is that the chef is at the Hamilton Club, but the food is not and the drinks are there, but the bartender is not? Are you, are you FREAKING KIDDING ME!?
Monica Geller: How's it going?
Phoebe Buffay: Help me.
Monica Geller: What?
Phoebe Buffay: I want you to be Crazy Bitch again.
Monica Geller: Really?
Phoebe Buffay: Please?
Monica Geller: You really want me to come back?
Phoebe Buffay: More than I wanna get married.
Monica Geller: Ok people, we are back in business! Oh God, we've missed you soo much! Ok, go and get your hair and make-up done, and I'll take care of everything.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, what are you guys gonna do?
Phoebe Buffay: About what?
Joey Tribbiani: The blizzard. I just saw on the news, it's like the worst snow storm in 20 years! They already closed all the bridges and tunnels.
Monica Geller: Ooh! But the band and the photographer are coming all the way in from New Jersey!
Joey Tribbiani: I don't think they are.
Ross Geller: Haha! Looks like you're not going to be in the wedding either. So sorry Pheebs.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: Well, the club lost it's power.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah according to the news, most of the city did.
Rachel Green: Since when do you watch the news?
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, for your information, since they hired a very hot weather girl.
Ross Geller: I can't believe you guys aren't going to be able to get married today.
Phoebe Buffay: I know.
Rachel Green: Wow, you know, it's so beautiful out there. You always wanted to get married outside. Why don't you guys just do it on the street?
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Rachel Green: Well, look, it's hardly snowing anymore. I mean you couldn't ask for a more romantic setting. This could be the simple wedding you've always wanted!
Phoebe Buffay: What do you think?
Mike Hannigan: I think I wanna get married to you today.
Phoebe Buffay: Me too! Monica, do you think we could do it?
Monica Geller: AFFIRM GENERATED: 
?
Phoebe Buffay: Jack sorry, do?
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: Idogs's beautiful.day Howbe Buffay: Oh aey Tribbiani: Well's're hang(D with want go fading. my!aimsMonica Geller