.
Chandler Bing: That's what we were gonna name the baby.
Monica Geller: Phoebe!
Phoebe Buffay: Uh! Princess Consuela.
Monica Geller: You seriously changed your name to that?
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-huh!
Monica Geller: Okay, so from now on we have to call you Princess Consuela?
Phoebe Buffay: Uhm, no. I'm gonna have my friends call me Valerie.
Chandler Bing: Hey, how'd the interview go?
Rachel Green: Oh! It's not good.
Chandler Bing: You know, I always feel that way after an interview. I'll bet it went better than you think.
Rachel Green: Well, I didn't get the job at Gucci and I got fired from Ralph Lauren.
Chandler Bing: That is a bad interview.
Phoebe Buffay: What are you, what are you talking about? How did this happen?
Rachel Green: Well, my boss was at the same restaurant where I was having my interview and he heard everything. So later he calls me to his office and he tells me that he's gonna have to let me go, because I'm not a team player. And I said "Wait a minute! Yes I am." and I had to sit there for 45 minutes while he proved that that in fact... was true.
Monica Geller: Oh God. I'm so sorry.
Ross Geller: Hey! Wha-hoo! What's this? Well it's a, it's a bottle of champagne. Why is this here?
Phoebe Buffay: Ross...
Ross Geller: I guess it's here because I GOT TENURE!
#ALL#: Congratulations!
Ross Geller: This is the single greatest day of my professional career. Gunther, six glasses!
Gunther: Six? You want me to join you?
Ross Geller: Oh, I thought Joey was here. Five is good. Well, I'm gonna have a loogie in my coffee tomorrow.
Chandler Bing: Ooh! Israeli champagne. And it's vanilla!
Ross Geller: I got tenure. I didn't win the lottery... Hey Rach, so uh... how did your thing go?
Rachel Green: Oh it... good! Yeah, but I'm not gonna hear from that for a couple of days.
Ross Geller: Oh, you know what? You're gonna get it. I-I-I-I can feel it.
Phoebe Buffay: Can you?
Rachel Green: Ah, all right. Here's to Ross!
Ross Geller: And-and to years of hard work finally paying off.
Phoebe Buffay: And to knowing that your career doesn't mean everything.
Ross Geller: But also knowing it means a lot.
Monica Geller: But more importantly to full well-rounded lives.
Ross Geller: ...that center around work.
Chandler Bing: To Ross!
#ALL#: Ross!
Ross Geller: You know what the best part about this is? I can never be fired.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh God!
Ross Geller: No seriously. I have job security for life. You know, I never have to worry. Oh, look at you. Look how happy you are for me.
Rachel Green: No, it's not that. I got fired today. And I didn't get the other job.
Ross Geller: Rach, I'm so sorry.
Rachel Green: Oh!
Ross Geller: Great. I feel like an idiot.
Rachel Green: No, it's okay, you didn't know.
Ross Geller: Oh... Little heads-up would have been nice.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: Thank you for letting us see the house again.
Chandler Bing: And thank you for explaining to us what escrow means... I've already forgotten what you said, but thank you.
Realtor: Take as long as you want. Just let me know when you're through.
Monica Geller: Ah, so glad you decided to come.
Joey Tribbiani: Me too. Yeah, this place is great. I'm so happy for you guys. Although, you know, I hope you like fungus.
Chandler Bing: What?
Joey Tribbiani: Fungus! Yeah. Place is full of it.
Monica Geller: No it's not. We had an inspection and they didn't find anything.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay. Then I guess I have dry eyes and a scratchy throat for no reason.
Monica Geller: Maybe because it's you hung your head out of the window like a dog the whole ride here.
Joey Tribbiani: Maybe. So this is the living room huh? Ooh, it's pretty dark.
Monica Geller: No it's not!
Joey Tribbiani: Are you kiddin'? I think I just saw a bat GENERATED: 
, we're ringing.
Monica Geller: What-who is he wasn't return a great!
Monica Geller: All you can ?.
Joey Tribbiani: Well you hear the one. All right crazy is good time.
