! WHOO! YAY!
Ross Geller: You're excited, right?
Rachel Green: Ye-ah. Yeah! You know, the money's great. It's certainly the easier choice...
Ross Geller: Right!
Rachel Green: Yeah, you know, was I looking forward to going to Paris? Sure. You know, was I excited about working in the fashion capital of the world? Ooh, absolutely... Oh...! Yeah, but you know, this is... it's fine. I'm fine going back to a job where I've pretty much gotten everything out of that I possibly can...
Ross Geller: Uhm, I hadn't no you... I had no idea you were so excited about Paris. Uhm, I mean, you said you were scared.
Rachel Green: Well yeah, but I mean, it was good scared though, you know? Like when I-moved-to-New-York scared. Or uhm, when I-found-out-I-was-gonna-have-Emma scared... But this is... fine. This is gonna be good.
Ross Geller: You should go.
Rachel Green: What?
Ross Geller: It's what you want. You should go.
Rachel Green: You really think so?
Ross Geller: I really do.
Rachel Green: But I already told Zelner that I would come back...
Ross Geller: I'm sure he'll understand.
Rachel Green: All right. ALL RIGHT! I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna go to Paris.
Ross Geller: Yeah...
Rachel Green: Yeah! I'm going to Paris. Thank you, Ross!
Ross Geller: Yeah, yeah, oh!
Rachel Green: Oh! Oh, I'm so happy.
Ross Geller: Then I'm happy too.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Joey Tribbiani: Thank you all for coming. We're here today to pay respects to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... ..inside. As Estelle's only two clients we would like to say a few words. Dude, where's my speech? That is entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Joey Tribbiani: All right, all right, all right, let's play one more time, ok? And remember, if I win you do not move to Paris.
Rachel Green: Ok! Can't believe I'm risking this again, but you're on! All right Joe, you remember the rules! Heads I win, tails you lose.
Joey Tribbiani: Just flip!
Rachel Green: Ha, tails!
Joey Tribbiani: Damnit!
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey!
Chandler Bing: So we thought we'd throw you little going away party around seven.
Rachel Green: Oh, that sounds good!
Monica Geller: Hey, Rach, you're leaving tomorrow, shouldn't you be packing?
Rachel Green: It's all done!
Monica Geller: Oh, yeah, right! And after I took a shower this morning I just threw my towel on the floor! Oh God, it hurts to even joke about it.
Rachel Green: I know... Honey, seriously, I did it all. The luggage that I'm taking is in the bedroom, this is Emma's Paris stuff, these are the boxes that I'm having shipped, and that's the sandwich that I made for the plane...
Monica Geller: Ok, so you've done some good work! What about your carry-ons?
Rachel Green: Oh, well. Everything that I need is in here and my travel documents are on the counter organized in the order that I will be needing them.
Monica Geller: Oh my God! I have nothing left to teach you!
Chandler Bing: Where's your passport?
Rachel Green: It should be right next to my plane ticket.
Chandler Bing: Well, it's not.
Rachel Green: What? Maybe I put it in here . Oh, oh, it's not in there! Oh, no! I must have packed it in one of these boxes!
Monica Geller: Here, let me help you.
Rachel Green: Shoot. Oh, I can't believe I did this!
Chandler Bing: At what point did it stop being funny that I took her passport? OPENING SEQUENCE.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: Oh, wow, can you believe you're like three weeks away?
Erica: I know.
Monica Geller: You don't mind me touching your belly, do you?
Erica: No, I don't mind you touching my belly, but right now your hand is kind of blocking the part where the baby is gonna come out.
Ross Geller: Hey!
Erica: Hi.
Ross Geller: Hey Erica, welcome back to town! Wow, look how big you've gotten.
Erica: That's because I'm pregnant!
Ross Geller: Right, no, I understand GENERATED: 
 whats do this old guyji, I mean, I, he kept in the apartment. Wow, if you should probably gonna passionate, ya know, Joey this aren't work at work!
Ross Geller: Hi, and I don't wanna put