Phoebe Buffay: Oh this is so ho-o-ot!
Phoebe Buffay: Oh no, no, no, don't stop!
Roy: Have to...
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Donny Osmond: Well, welcome to the Winner Circle. Joey and Gene, you guys ready?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah...
Gene: Sure.
Donny Osmond: Okay. Give me sixty seconds on the clock please... Ready, GO!
Gene: Oak, maple, elm, birch...
Joey Tribbiani: I-I-I don't know. Types of trees?
Gene: Uhm... Buenos dias, enchilada, por favor...
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, I'm so sorry. I don't know any Spanish words.
Gene: A match, a candle...
Joey Tribbiani: Things that go "tssst" when you put them out.
Gene: A torch, a bonfire... uhm, your pee...
Joey Tribbiani: Things that burn.
Gene: "I'd like to go for a walk", uhm "scratch my belly".
Joey Tribbiani: Dude, dude! I think you're losing it.
Gene: Uhm, "I have fur", "I like to bark".
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, oh, oh... What a dog says.
Gene: Pepperoni...
Joey Tribbiani: Pizza toppings, next!
Gene: Cindy Crawford, Christie Brinkley, Heidi Klum, Claudia Schiffer...
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, oh, oh...
Gene: Christie Turlington, Kate Moss...
Joey Tribbiani: Girls Chandler could never get?
Gene: Supermodels!
Joey Tribbiani: Where?
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross Geller: Hey, where's Rachel?
Monica Geller: She and Phoebe took the stripper to the hospital.
Ross Geller: Did you know Chandler kissed Rachel?
Monica Geller: What? When was this?
Ross Geller: Nineteen Eighty Seven. The weekend you guys visited me at school.
Monica Geller: Oh my God! That's wild!
Chandler Bing: Yeah, but it was like a million years ago, so it doesn't matter.
Ross Geller: Well, it matters to me.
Chandler Bing: Why?
Ross Geller: Because... the night you kissed Rachel was the night I kissed Rachel for the very first time.
Chandler Bing: You kissed her that night too?
Monica Geller: Two guys in one night? Wow, I thought she became a slut after she got her nose fixed.
Chandler Bing: Seriously, where did this happen?
Ross Geller: Okay, after you told me she was passed out in our room, I went in there to make sure she was all right. She was lying on my bed, all buried in peoples coats. Well, I went to kiss her on the forehead, you know. But it was so dark, I accidentally got her lips. I started to pull away, but then I felt her start to kiss me back. It was only for a second, but... it was amazing. And now, now I find out that you kissed her first.
Chandler Bing: Oh wait... What bed did you say she was on?
Ross Geller: Mine.
Chandler Bing: I'm pretty sure I put her on my bed.
Ross Geller: No, she was definitely on my bed.
Chandler Bing: Why would I kiss a girl, and then put her on your bed?
Ross Geller: Well, then who was on my bed?
Monica Geller: OH! Oh, oh!
Ross Geller: NO! No, no!
Monica Geller: YES!
Ross Geller: You were under the pile of coats?
Monica Geller: I was the pile of coats!
Ross Geller: OH MY GOD!
Monica Geller: You were my Midnight Mystery Kisser?
Ross Geller: You were my first kiss with Rachel?
Monica Geller: You were my first kiss ever?
Chandler Bing: What did I marry into?
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: Oh, crap!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, hey Joey.
Joey Tribbiani: Uh, hey.
Phoebe Buffay: Listen, I need to ask you something. Ok, you know how my step dad's in prison.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah. Well, uhm... listen he was supposed to get a weekend furlough, so he'd come to the wedding tomorrow, but he just called and... uhm... well, apparently stabbing Iceman in the exercise yard just couldn't wait till Monday.
Joey Tribbiani: So he can't come?
Phoebe Buffay: No, and so there's GENERATED: 
 okay, ah, okay. And then he had a real time is so sweeth, is gonna... I'm in my uh, it hurts me?
Phoebe Buffay: No. Pheebs, huh... So the best friend's