 someone else?
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach?
Rachel Green: Well, believe it or not, it's true. When Joey and I were together, he was wonderful. He was thoughtful and mature. And for the one week that we went out, he didn't sleep with anybody else!
Joey Tribbiani: Growth!
Phoebe Buffay: Fine, I'll give you her number.
Joey Tribbiani: Ok, thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. Mandy.
Phoebe Buffay: SARAH!
Joey Tribbiani: Saraaah.
Ross Geller: Hey!
Rachel Green: Hi!
Ross Geller: Hey you guys, I need some fashion advice.
Rachel Green: Oh!
Ross Geller: How does this look?
Rachel Green: Well, it's a little low... pick up a little... a little bit more... a little bit more... There you go! Now throw it away!
Ross Geller: C'mon! This looks good!
Rachel Green: Ross, please, trust me. I buy 30 fashion magazines a month. Now, I don't know who's running for president or who that... NATO guy is, but I do know that you have to get as far away as you can from that hat.
Ross Geller: Damnit! I have this date tomorrow night and I have to look cool!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, you know, if you want fashion help, Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow. You're more than welcome to come with us, right?
Ross Geller: Really? That would be great. I mean, I have to do something, she kinda teased me about how I dress.
Joey Tribbiani: I can see why, nice shirt!
Ross Geller: You're wearing the same shirt.
Joey Tribbiani: Stupid Gap on every corner!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Agency Guy: Please, make yourself comfortable and I will back in a moment with Erica.
Monica Geller: Ok, thank you. Uh, well this is it. Are you OK?
Chandler Bing: Yeah. Just weird, you know. It's like: "Hi, I'm Chandler. May I have the human growing inside you?"
Monica Geller: Uh, we're gonna be great.
Chandler Bing: You're gonna be great.
Monica Geller: Well... obviously!
Agency Guy: Monica, Chandler. I'd like you to meet Erica.
Monica Geller: Hi. It is so, so nice to meet you.
Erica: Hi...
Chandler Bing: Thank you so much for agreeing to see us.
Erica: Hi.
Agency Guy: I'll let you get acquainted.
Chandler Bing: Ok.
Erica: So, it's Monica and Chandler. I only know you as file 0W33815-D.
Chandler Bing: That's what our friends call us.
Erica: Gosh, you know, you're just such an amazing couple. It's... kind of intimidating.
Monica Geller: I don't know about that.
Erica: You're kidding me? I mean, it's enough that you are a doctor. But on top of it, you're married to a reverend?
Chandler Bing: I don't think that's exactly...
Monica Geller: Let her finish, doctor.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, my friend Sarah had a great time last night.
Joey Tribbiani: Well...
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah! So you're gonna call this one back?
Joey Tribbiani: Nope.
Phoebe Buffay: What are you talking about? Sarah's great!
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...
Phoebe Buffay: That's it? That's why you won't go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, hey, look! It's not about a few fries... it's about what the fries represent.
Phoebe Buffay: What?
Joey Tribbiani: ALL FOOD!
Phoebe Buffay: I'm sorry, I can't believe I set you up with such a MONSTER!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don't order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That's a GENERATED: 
 girl. I never come by now are you're just a while doesn't have to pick marriage?
Eric: Yeah, but can I think they rearr]]; tooOST Cbastian: Oh, are we've been really gonna show those fingers, we can