 right, she's right, we gotta get serious. Let's put styrofoam peanuts down his pants and kick him!
Chandler Bing: No, no, no, guys. She's right. We should get to work. I'll take stuff out of the closet, Joey you pack 'em and Ross you re-pack whatever Joey packs.
Joey Tribbiani: You guys hear a ringing?
Chandler Bing: What the hell is this?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey! Handcuffs! And fur line, nice! I didn't know you guys had it in ya!
Ross Geller: Chandler, you don't have a sister so you can't understand how much this bums me out.
Chandler Bing: I didn't know Monica had these!
Joey Tribbiani: Mhm, maybe she used them with another boyfriend. Maybe Richard!
Chandler Bing: Why would she use them with Richard and not me? I can be kinky! I once did a naked dance for her... with scarves!
Ross Geller: Bumming hard, guys, bumming hard.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Monica Geller: Hey! Where's Mike?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, he has a gig. I kinda like being married to a rock star, you know. My husband has a gig.
Ross Geller: Yeah? Yeah, where is it?
Phoebe Buffay: Oh, he's playing organ for a children's roller-skating party.
Ross Geller: Rock on! Phoebe : Wow, this is quite a spread! What is all this stuff?
Monica Geller: Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move to the new house with me! So, enjoy: smoke oyster casserole with a breakfast cereal crust, kidney beans in their own juices, and for dessert, a questionable orange.
Joey Tribbiani: Hey.
Chandler Bing: Hey.
Ross Geller: Hey, where's Rach?
Joey Tribbiani: Oh, she's putting Emma down, she'll be over in a second.
Ross Geller: Great.
Joey Tribbiani: Now it just hit her that she's leaving and she's kind of emotional so no one say anything to set her off, ok?
Monica Geller: Yeah.
#ALL#: Hey Rach, hey you.
Ross Geller: Here she is!
Rachel Green: Hi you guys!
Joey Tribbiani: What did I just say?
Rachel Green: No, no, no. It's ok. I'm gonna be fine.
Monica Geller: Come here, I'll make you a drink.
Ross Geller: Oh, man! I can't believe she's actually leaving. How am I gonna say goodbye to Rachel?
Chandler Bing: I know, she's been such a big part of my life. And it feels like when Melrose Place got cancelled. I mean... oh, forget it. I miss Melrose Place!
Joey Tribbiani: You know, I had a chance to stop her too!
Ross Geller: Yeah?
Joey Tribbiani: Who loses fifty seven coin tosses in a row? Head she wins, tails I lose. Wait a minute...
Chandler Bing: Yes, Joe?
Joey Tribbiani: I forgot to pick up my dry cleaning!
Phoebe Buffay: You doing ok?
Rachel Green: Well, I've been better.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-hmm.
Rachel Green: You guys are gonna come and visit me, right?
Phoebe Buffay: Yes! You know, in six months the Statute of Limitations runs out and I can travel internationally again!
Rachel Green: I'm gonna miss you so much.
Phoebe Buffay: I know.
Rachel Green: You know what? Uhm, I have some goodbye stuff that I wanted to say to each of you and I was gonna save it until the end of the night, but come here .
Ross Geller: Hey, what do you think they're doing in there?
Joey Tribbiani: Huh, if I had to guess I'd say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punching.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Rachel Green: Oh, Pheebs, I don't even know where to start.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok well, before you do, I know we weren't supposed to get you going away presents, but I do have something for you.
Rachel Green: Oh, oh. . What is this?
Phoebe Buffay: It's a cotton swab with a bit of my saliva on it, so that if they perfect the cloning process while you are over there, you can use the DNA to create your own Pheebs!
Rachel Green: I'm gonna throw this away, GENERATED: 
 well.
Monica Geller: Uh-hooood. Dead time in Or it's too. Emma. The only really upset.
Rachel Green: I didn't believe me and I'm sorry I'm definitely bother.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross