 wedding planner. She's driving me crazy! Hello... Hey, ok, stop screaming! Ok? So, halibut. All right, so salmon, either way. I don't-I don't... it doesn't matter to me!
Monica Geller: Well, it matters to me!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I don't care, so you pick!
Monica Geller: Did you just hung up on me? All right, look, I need you at the rehearsal dinner tonight at 1800 hours.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh-uh. Ok. What time is that.
Monica Geller: You don't know military time?
Phoebe Buffay: Why, I must have been in missile training the day they taught that.
Monica Geller: Just subtract twelve.
Phoebe Buffay: Ok, so... 1800 minus twelve is... one thousand, seven hundred and...
Monica Geller: Six o'clock!
Phoebe Buffay: Ok.
Monica Geller: Ok. Hold on. Geller here! No! I said it has to be there by 4 o'clock. Goodbye. Oh, how hard it is to make an ice sculpture?
Phoebe Buffay: Ice sculpture? That sounds really fancy! I told you I just want a simple wedding.
Monica Geller: Please... honey, leave the details to me. Now I wanna make this day as special for you as I can. Now, ok, I was thinking that the harpist should wear white.
Phoebe Buffay: What harpist? My friend Marjorie is playing the steel drums.
Monica Geller: Ooh... she backed out.
Phoebe Buffay: She did? Why?
Monica Geller: I made her. Steel drums don't really say "elegant wedding". Nor does Marjorie's overwhelming scent.
Phoebe Buffay: Hey! She will shower when Tibet is free.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Chandler Bing: Hey!
Phoebe Buffay: Hey!
Chandler Bing: You look great. I'm so glad we're having this rehearsal dinner, you know, I so rarely get to practice my meals before I eat them.
Phoebe Buffay: Okay, what did we say was your one gift to us?
Chandler Bing: No stupid jokes. I thought that was for the actual wedding.
Phoebe Buffay: Rehearse it!
Ross Geller: Hi!
Mike Hannigan: Thanks for coming you guys.
Ross Geller: Oh, hey, oh... I... I was-I was going for a hand shake.
Mike Hannigan: Is that why your hand is pressed against my crotch?
Ross Geller: That is why!
Mike Hannigan: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: So Rach.
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: Where is Emma?
Rachel Green: Oh, Monica made me send her to my mother's. Apparently babies and weddings don't mix.
Monica Geller: Are you still crying about your damn baby? Pheebs, you gotta keep the line moving, remember, 20 seconds per person. Your see these clowns all the time!
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, you're Mike's parents, right?
Mike's Mother: Yes, we are.
Joey Tribbiani: Ah, our little ones are growing up fast, uh?
Mike's Father: How's that?
Joey Tribbiani: You know, on the one hand you're happy for them, but on the other hand it's hard to let go.
Mike's Father: Who in God's name are you?
Joey Tribbiani: Hey, I'm not that fond of you either, ok buddy? But I'm just trying to be nice for the kids!
Chandler Bing: You know what I just realized? We have no idea what we're doing in the wedding tomorrow.
Ross Geller: Yeah, I thought we'd be groomsmen, but wouldn't they have asked us by now? When did they ask you to be their bridesmaid?
Rachel Green: Uh... November?
Ross Geller: I wanna say it's not looking good.
Rachel Green: Hey Pheebs...
Phoebe Buffay: What's up?
Rachel Green: Uhm... you haven't told these guys what they're doing in the wedding yet.
Chandler Bing: Heh.
Phoebe Buffay: Uhm... well, they're not in the wedding.
Ross Geller: What?
Rachel Green: Well, this is really awkward Oh, and I can leave!
Phoebe Buffay: I'm sorry you guys but, you know, Mike's got his brother and his friends from school so... you know, you were-you were... if it helps you, you were next in line, you just-you just missed the cut.
Ross Geller: Oh, GENERATED: 
 I... David!? Yeah, she wrote her baby, and I'll bet you don't judge his abs of them.
Rachel Green: She is a rap poker with his qualifications-darbon champagne for sick to deal!
Phoebe Buffay: Yeah