 last time... Good game, good game, good game, good game, good game, good game, good game.
Joey Tribbiani: Okay, here we go. I can't do it.
Chandler Bing: Well, I can't do it either.
Monica Geller: Hey! Did you find them?
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, they're stuck inside the table!
Chandler Bing: We have to bust it open, but neither of us can do it!
Monica Geller: Oh, well sure. This gotta be so hard. I'll do it. Gimme!
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Ross Geller: Phoebe! Wow! No, no, no!
Phoebe Buffay: Well, I've never gone this fast before.
Ross Geller: Phoebe, forget it, okay? Newark is - is like an hour away. There's no way we're gonna make it in time.
Phoebe Buffay: She's got her cell, you could call her.
Ross Geller: I am not doing this over the phone.
Phoebe Buffay: You don't have any other choice!
Rachel Green: Hello?
Phoebe Buffay: Rachel? Oh, good. Hey, by the way, did you just get on the plane?
Rachel Green: Yeah.
Phoebe Buffay: For what it's worth, we would have caught her if we were at the right airport.
Ross Geller: Yay.
Phoebe Buffay: Uh, Rach, hang on.
Rachel Green: Phoebe? Is everything okay?
Phoebe Buffay: Uhm, actually no. No, you've... You have to get off the plane.
Rachel Green: What? Why?
Phoebe Buffay: I have this feeling that something's wrong with it. Something is wrong with the left Philange.
Rachel Green: Oh, honey, I'm sure there's nothing wrong with the plane.
Rachel Green: Alright, look, I have to go. I love you, and I will call you the minute I get to Paris.
Passenger #1: Uhm, what was that?
Rachel Green: Oh, that was just my crazy friend. She told me I should get off the plane, because she had a feeling that there was something wrong with the left Philange.
Passenger #1: Okay, that doesn't sound good.
Rachel Green: I wouldn't worry about it. She's always coming up with stuff like this, and you know what? She's almost never right.
Passenger #1: But she is sometimes.
Rachel Green: Well...
Rachel Green: Wait, what are you doing?
Passenger #1: Well, I can't take this plane now.
Air Stewardess: Excuse me, sir, where are you going?
Passenger #1: I have to get off this plane, okay? Her friend has a feeling something's wrong with the left Philange.
Rachel Green: Could I get some peanuts?
Passenger #2: What's wrong with the plane?
Air Stewardess: There's nothing wrong with the plane.
Passenger #1: Yeah! The left Philange!
Air Stewardess: There is no Philange!
Passenger #1: Oh my God. This plane doesn't even have a Philange!
Passenger #2: I'm not flying on it!
Air Stewardess: Ma'am, please sit down!
Passenger #3: What's going on?
Passenger #1: We're all getting off. There is no Philange!
Rachel Green: This is ridiculous! I...
Rachel Green: Yeah, okay.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Monica Geller: Alright. My job here is done.
Chandler Bing: That was... Impressive.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah, you didn't even use the tools for most of it!
Monica Geller: Yeah, they were just slowing me down. Alright, I have to get back to the babies. I'll see you girls later.
Chandler Bing: Sorry about the table, man.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: You gonna buy a new one?
Joey Tribbiani: Probably not. Nah. I don't know how much I'm gonna wanna play after you go.
Chandler Bing: Well, at least we got these little guys out.
Joey Tribbiani: Yeah.
Chandler Bing: Aww, we were worried about you! Hm. I guess I better get used to things crapping in my hand, huh?
Joey Tribbiani: I'm gonna miss these little guys. It was nice having birds around again.
Chandler Bing: Hey, you know what? Maybe we should keep them here with you.
Joey Tribbiani: What?
Chandler Bing: Yeah, I mean we've got a lot going on right now. And, plus, here they'd have GENERATED: 
 to take dates. And out the pain attention.
Chandler Bing: They're meeting, grab a letter.
Joey Tribbiani: I'm very loud.
TRANSCRIPT_NOTE: 
Rachel Green: No, no. Thank God, everybody.
